Update README.md for @wordpress/element. createRoot not available until WordPress 6.2 (#49309)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/element/README.md

## Usage

Let's render a customized greeting into an empty element. 

**Note:** `createRoot` was introduced with React 18, which will be bundled with WordPress 6.2. Therefore it may be necessary to mount your component depending on which version of WordPress (and therefore React) you are currently using. This is possible by checking for an undefined import and falling back to the React 17 method of mounting an app using `render`.

Assuming the following root element is present in the page:

```html
<div id="greeting"></div>
```

We can mount our app:

```js
import { createRoot, render, createElement } from '@wordpress/element';

function Greeting( props ) {
	return createElement( 'span', null, 'Hello ' + props.toWhom + '!' );
}

if ( createRoot ) {
	createRoot( document.getElementById( 'greeting' ) ).render( createElement( Greeting, { toWhom: 'World' } ) );
} else {
	render( createElement( Greeting, { toWhom: 'World' } ), document.getElementById( 'greeting' ) );

> }

Reviewer: In the code sample, better extract the common parts:
```js
const domElement = document.getElementById( 'greeting' );
const uiElement = createElement( Greeting, { toWhom: 'World' } );

if ( createRoot ) {
  createRoot( domElement ).render( uiElement );
} else {
  render( uiElement, domElement );
}
```
This shows the difference between the two APIs much more clearly.

Author: I like it... done in fdee779969e8ce4d5765d35feafe4ccee5d34267

## Usage

> Let's render a customized greeting into an empty element. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's render a customized greeting into an empty element.
```

> **Note:** `createRoot` was introduced with React 18, which will be bundled with WordPress 6.2. Therefore it may be necessary to mount your component depending on which version of WordPress (and therefore React) you are currently using. This is possible by checking for an undefined import and falling back to the React 17 method of mounting an app using `render`.

Reviewer 2: We don’t need to use the future tense here as WP 6.2 is getting out before this package will get updated on npm.

Author: 72b6203dcbe1428e3b38537465e3d0e8982b884c :heavy_check_mark:

Assuming the following root element is present in the page:

```html
<div id="greeting"></div>
```

We can mount our app:

```js
import { createRoot, render, createElement } from '@wordpress/element';

function Greeting( props ) {
	return createElement( 'span', null, 'Hello ' + props.toWhom + '!' );
}

const domElement = document.getElementById( 'greeting' );

> const uiElement  = createElement( Greeting, { toWhom: 'World' } );

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const uiElement = createElement( Greeting, { toWhom: 'World' } );
```

> if ( createRoot ) {
>   createRoot( domElement ).render( uiElement );
> } else {
>   render( uiElement, domElement );
> }

Reviewer 2: This need to be reformatted to make CI pass:
```suggestion
if ( createRoot ) {
    createRoot( domElement ).render( uiElement );
} else {
    render( uiElement, domElement );
}
```

> if ( createRoot ) {
>     createRoot( domElement ).render( uiElement );
> } else {
>     render( uiElement, domElement );
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if ( createRoot ) {
	createRoot( domElement ).render( uiElement );
} else {
	render( uiElement, domElement );
}
```

## Usage

Let's render a customized greeting into an empty element. 

> **Note:** `createRoot` is not introduced until React 18, which will be bundled with WordPress 6.2. Therefore it may be necessary to mount your component depending on which version of WordPress (and therefore React) you are currently using. This is possible by checking for an undefined import and falling back to the React 17 method of mounting an app using `render`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Note:** `createRoot` was introduced with React 18, which will be bundled with WordPress 6.2. Therefore it may be necessary to mount your component depending on which version of WordPress (and therefore React) you are currently using. This is possible by checking for an undefined import and falling back to the React 17 method of mounting an app using `render`.
```

		);
	}

> 	if ( wp.element.createRoot ) {

Reviewer 3: I feel like we should update this example to use ES import syntax instead of accessing the `wp` global directly as we have been doing on other code examples in the handbook.

Author: I agree!

Author: Does this look right?
```
import { createRoot, render, createElement } from '@wordpress/element';

function Greeting( props ) {
    return createElement(
        'span',
        null,
        'Hello ' + props.toWhom + '!'
    );
}

if ( createRoot ) {
    createRoot( document.getElementById( 'greeting' ) )
        .render( createElement( Greeting, { toWhom: 'World' } ) );
} else {
    render( createElement( Greeting, { toWhom: 'World' } ), document.getElementById( 'greeting' ) );
}
```

and how do we best explain where the `<div id="greeting"></div>` root is?

### createRoot

> _Since: WordPress 6.2_

Reviewer 2: Excellent, idea. The same annotation needs to get applied in JSDoc comment where this function gets exported.

Author: Not sure what you need me to do here?

Reviewer 2: I took care of all changes. This part of the README file is auto-generated from JSDoc code comments.
